this stuff should be any trouble for you
but what's really nice about it is you
can raid the hair and tie it off at the
end but only the holy twisting it looks
really neat and you don't get any kinks
or scratches from having to have obvious
things or elastics what we're going to
do is just start like you would normally
be braiding the hair you can serve as
high as you on the head I like to start
about the middle so we're going to
divide this into three again as with a
normal braid we're going to take one
side over the other back the other way
now we want to grab it all here although
over other side grabbing more hair we're
going to keep doing this until we go all
the way to the bottom of the hair okay
go over that over picking up more hair
over picking up more here probably just
have two more classes to going here pick
up the hair from the side once more pick
up the hair from the other side now I'm
going to break this pretty well all the
way down now what I want to do it tuck
the ends of this hair up so it's
completely hidden inside that brain you
can use your other hand to find where
your spaces and tuck up all that hand
soap disappears now what we want to do
is get our honey twisty starting from
one side we're going to twist that
through
all the way we now have a hottie twisty
bright and you can see we are finished